fix(docs): updated namespace information MTA-2226 (#857)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/functions/how-to/create-a-functions-namespace.mdx

3. Complete the following steps in the wizard: 

>     - Enter a **name** and optionally a **description** for your namespace. The first character of your namespace must be a letter. It can only contain letters, numbers and dashes. No other special characters are permitted. The namespace is case sensitive and cannot be edited after it was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Enter a **name** and optionally a **description** for your namespace. The first character of your namespace must be a letter. It can only contain letters, numbers, and dashes. No other special characters are permitted. The namespace is case-sensitive and cannot be edited after its creation.
```
